c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\Academy.exe.config
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\Academy.exe
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\Academy.pdb
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\Guna.UI2.dll
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.Login.resources
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.exe
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.pdb
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmMain.resources
c:\users\heliandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\bin\Debug\CustomControls.pdb
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmNewUser.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmUsersManager.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmHours.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmTeachersManager.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmClassManager.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmNewLearner.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmSelectClass.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Academy\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.FrmLearnersManager.resources
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\GitHub\gerenciador_de_academia\gerenciador_de_academia_1.0\Academy\bin\Debug\Academy.exe.config
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\GitHub\gerenciador_de_academia\gerenciador_de_academia_1.0\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.exe
C:\Users\Heliandro\Documents\GitHub\gerenciador_de_academia\gerenciador_de_academia_1.0\Academy\obj\Debug\Academy.pdb
